Hidden field avaiable for KOTS only (#1287)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/vendor/licenses-adding-custom-fields.md

   | Type| The field type. Supported formats include integer, string, text (multi-line string), and boolean values. This value cannot be changed. |
   | Default | The default value for the field for both existing and new customers. It is a best practice to provide a default value when possible. |
   | Required | If checked, this prevents the creation of customers unless this field is explicitly defined with a value. |

>    | Hidden | If checked, the field is not visible to your customer in the Replicated admin console. The field is still visible to you in the vendor portal. **Note**: The Hidden field is available only to vendors with the KOTS entitlement. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | Hidden | If checked, the field is not visible to your customer in the Replicated admin console. The field is still visible to you in the vendor portal. **Note**: The Hidden field is relevant only to vendors with access to KOTS installations, it will not be shown otherwise. |
```

Reviewer: I feel the term "Entitlement" is a bit of an internal word, not sure if all vendors will immediately know what that means

Author: Sounds good, updated
